## [Download JingOS V0.8.1](https://hk.mikecrm.com/N0wgIm4)

# JingOS
### A Linux-based OS designed for Tablets

JingOS is a 'convergence' Linux-Based Open-Source mobile OS 
for tablets and mobile devices.

It can run Linux apps and Android apps.

It is adapted to run naturally with touch, pencil, keyboard and trackpad.

[Download JingOS V0.8.1](https://hk.mikecrm.com/N0wgIm4)

[JingPad A1](https://en.jingos.com/jingpad-a1/) - It is the World’s FIRST Consumer-level Linux Tablet.

[INDIEGOGO Crowdfunding](https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/jingpad-world-s-first-linux-based-tablet/coming_soon/x/26085983)

[JingPad video introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZugAfhWkPA)
[JingOS video introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3E0ADUIiFzA)

[Join our mailing list](http://hk.mikecrm.com/pg5E05S) | 
[Join our Telegram](https://t.me/JingOS_Linux) | 
[Join our Discord](https://discord.gg/xEwDGW7RnJ)

![](https://en-cdn.jingos.com/wp-content/uploads/brizy/143/assets/images/iW=667&iH=438&oX=0&oY=2&cW=667&cH=435/Lark20201228-151833.png)

## Our Opensource Project

[JingCore-WindowManger](https://github.com/JingOS-team/jing-kwin)
JingCore-WindowManger is based on KDE Kwin , used to manage the application
windows, and JingOS adds more gestures and other functions that are specially
designed for a Tablet OS.

[JingCore-CommonComponents](https://github.com/JingOS-team/jing-kirigami)
JingCore-CommonComponents is based on KDE Kirigami, and adds more components
well designed for the Tablet OS.
  
[JingSystemui-Launcher](https://github.com/JingOS-team/jing-plasma-phone-components)
This is the Launcher of JingOS, includes Home, Dock, Notification, Control
Panel, which is based on KDE plasma-phone-components.

[JingApps-Photos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3E0ADUIiFzA)
Jing-Photos is based on Koko, a beautifully designed photos that conforms to the
JingOS style and has a compatible pad / desktop experience.
  
[JingApps-Kalk](https://github.com/JingOS-team/jing-kalk)
Jing-Kalk is based on Kalk. Jing-Kalk is a beautifully designed calculator that
conforms to the JingOS style and Integrating the interactive experience of pad
and PC.
  
[JingApps-Haruna Video Player](https://github.com/JingOS-team/jing-haruna)
Jing-Haruna is an open source video player built with Qt/QML on top of libmpv.

[JingApps-KRecorder](https://github.com/JingOS-team/jing-krecorder)
Jing-KRecorder is based on KRecorder, a beautifully designed jing-krecorder that
conforms to the JingOS style and has a compatible pad / desktop experience.

[JingApps-KClock](https://github.com/JingOS-team/jing-kclock)
Jing-KClock is based on KClock, a beautifully designed clock that conforms to
the JingOS style and has a compatible pad / desktop experience.

[JingApps-Media-Player](https://github.com/JingOS-team/jing-media-player)
Jing-Media-Player is based on vvave, Supports the scan and display of audio and
video files that conforms to the JingOS style and has a compatible pad / desktop
experience.

### Mobile & Desktop Experience Merge Together

![](https://en-cdn.jingos.com/wp-content/uploads/brizy/3730/assets/images/iW=2006&iH=1254&oX=0&oY=0&cW=2006&cH=1254/os-2@2x.jpg)

JingOS is not only a tablet OS, but also a desktop OS. In tablet mode, you can
watch movies, read books, play games using the mobile apps in JingOS... Connect
a keyboard and a trackpad/mouse to desktop mode for productivity; you can write
documents, and even do coding...

### Mobile First, Well Designed

![](https://en-cdn.jingos.com/wp-content/uploads/brizy/3730/assets/images/iW=2212&iH=1552&oX=0&oY=0&cW=2212&cH=1552/os-4@2x.jpg)

JingOS is designed to be a mobile-first tablet OS. It comes with a lot of
beautifully designed icons and animation effects.

It is the most beautiful mobile Linux ever!

JingOS even supports multitouch gestures, which is very important for modern
tablets.

### JingOS Support Linux Apps and Android Apps

![](https://en-cdn.jingos.com/wp-content/uploads/brizy/3730/assets/images/iW=2280&iH=820&oX=0&oY=0&cW=2280&cH=820/a1-10@2x.jpg)

We connect Linux and Android apps through technology, making JingOS a
‘convergence’ Linux OS.

You can use Linux desktop apps for productivity, and use Android apps for
entertainment.

More and more apps are coming to our AppStore.

*Android apps native support only available for ARM-based devices

### Support Trackpad Gestures and Keyboard

![](https://en-cdn.jingos.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/05-2.gif)

JingOS optimized the gestures for your trackpad too.

You can use trackpad gestures similar to the screen gestures.

This makes you a better experience when you are using your device in laptop mode.

## About us

JingOS is a product of Jingling Tech. Jing/鲸 means Whale, and Ling/鲮 means
Dace Fish in Chinese. The logo of JingLing is two fishes together which means a
small ecosystem.

We have a team of very experienced Linux experts who had previously worked at
Lenovo, Alibaba, Samsung, Canonical/Ubuntu, Trolltech and other famous IT
Companies.

We are based in Beijing and California.

## FAQ

Is JingOS going to be opensource? And free software?

> Yes, JingOS has been opensourced on Github. And JingOS will be free forever.

What is JingOS based on?

> JingOS is based on Ubuntu 20.04, KDE v5.75, Plasma Mobile 5.20. We will
  replace the framework from Plasma Mobile to JDE (Jing Desktop Environment)
  later this year.

What’s the roadmap of JingOS?

> I posted about Roadmap v1.0 of JingOS 90 in January. I will update the roadmap
  every quarter.

If JingOS is a tablet OS, does it require apps to respect the life cycle, like
what happens when suspended? How does it manage permission? Is there a
permission system like iOS? Are the apps sandboxed? If it can just run Linux
apps, how would they respect life cycle, permission, and stuff? Will you use
snap/flatpak for the permissions system?

> Life-cycle management API will come with JingOS v0.8 in March, apps designed
  for JingOS can be suspended like any other tablet OSs. The permission system
  and app sandbox are still in discussion, not decided yet.

Compared to other Linux distros, is JingOS optimized for tablet only in the UI /
specialized apps, or are there performance tweaks/features as well. Is it
basically like a gnome / KDE but with a tablet first focussed, or are there any
“lower-level” differences? What kind of lower-level differences? Drivers?
Performance enhancements? What will it help Linux do on tablets especially?

> JingOS v0.6 is mostly optimized only in the UI and specialized apps. But
  JingOS v0.8 would have lots of lower differences, like performance
  enhancements.

Do apps have to be created for JingOS to work well? Could I use Spotify or
Discord apps on it, or would there need to be JingOS versions first? JingOS just
run normal Linux apps, right? So we should be able to build and run Flutter
desktop apps on it? Will JingOS support android apps? To fill the gap with
missing popular apps.

> Linux apps (.deb, etc.) can run in JingOS well. You can run Android apps in
  the JingOS ARM version after v1.0 in June.

## Roadmap

* JingOS v0.6: will be released on Jan 31, 2021. Has been tested on Surface Pro
  6, Huawei Matebook 14. This is a preview version of JingOS. You can have the
  control panel and notification center on your Linux tablets just like the
  iPads! You can check the preview video of the JingOS v0.6 here 302.

* JingOS v0.8: will be released on Mar 31, 2021. Huge updates will be available,
  including the JingOS App Store, Settings, File Managers, etc. And a whole new
  virtual keyboard designed for Linux will be available too. OTA will be
  functional since v0.8. Several other devices will be tested for JingOS v0.8
  besides SP6 and HM14 mentioned above.
  * JingOS v0.9: will be released on May 31, 2021.

  * JingOS v1.0: will be released on Jun 30, 2021. Start supporting the JingPad A1, which is an ARM-based device.

* JingOS v1.0: will be released on Jun 30, 2021. Start supporting the JingPad
  C1, which is an ARM-based device.

#### We will release updates every month after June.

### About open sourcing:

> JingOS is based on Ubuntu 20.04, KDE v5.75, Plasma Mobile 5.20. We will
  replace the framework from Plasma Mobile to JDE (Jing Desktop Environment)
  later this year.

## Press

[Press Coverage](https://jingos.feishu.cn/sheets/shtcnTr6q3mmLsQyTSg99KRVMGc) -
All Media about JingOS and JingPad

## Contact us

Email: service@jingos.com
